this third bad boy's film starts with
detective mike lowry and marcus burnett
spitting through the streets of miami
with other cops following them
okay that's why you're sitting in that
seat
in a mexican prison inmate isabel
erectus is muttering
incantation then draws a god's attention
[Music]
isabel grabs a knife off the guard and
stabs her with the other inmates jumping
in and stopping her to death
other gods take isabel outside only for
his son armando to have a kill off all
the other guards
he frees her and they returned to the
home to block revenge on behalf of her
late husband benito
with mike being their intended final
target
agmando goes to the docks to pull out a
great
filtered money with intent to work with
other gangsters but these gangsters
tried to scream over and take the
majority shares of the money
with the guns drawn on armando he
retaliates by stopping
everyone repeatedly he then orders the
remaining man to step up if they wish to
work loyally
under his family a crook named lorenzo
rodriguez
aka zuelo joins him
mike and marcus fellow fishers including
captain howard
goddard at a bar to celebrate marcus
becoming a grandfather
they encounter a woman named rita who
has just been promoted
to a lieutenant and is also mike's ex
she informs them that she is also now
heading amo
advanced miami metro operations
which employs a younger team of officers
marcus knows they are getting too old
for all the crazy things they used to
get into
and he urges mike to settle down though
he disagrees
the two go outside for a foot race and
as mike
takes the lead akmander rides up on a
motorcycle and shoots mike down
mike is in critical condition marcus
prays to god that might
be saved but with the promise that
marcus will never bring any more
violence into the world
[Music]
rita and howard then order amo khali don
and rev to do what they can do to
investigate mike
shooter meanwhile isabel chastises
armando for going after mike so soon as
she deliberately wants him to die last
so that he suffers watching others die
they proceed to go after a judge a
forensic analyst
and a prosecutor killing them all in
broad daylight
[Music]
six months later megan and reggie get
married
and mike has recovered from his injuries
after learning mike is awake armando
uploads his bodycon footage of him
shooting mike
[Music]
mike takes it upon himself to find his
shooter
he visits a [ __ ] criminal named
manny the butcher
dj khaled and beats his hand with the
hammer until he gives up the name of a
guy named booker
grassy who would have info on the owner
of the motorcycle and therefore the
shooter
my goes to captain howard who
begrudgingly
has him go along with aimo to find
grassy mike
quickly butts hats with ralph since he's
as smart as but carolyn don't respect
mike's status as a detective
[Music]
mike and the team go to a warehouse
where gracie is going to make a draw
mike quickly catches that grasses trying
to rip the guys off and will get himself
killed
a shoot-out begins and mike tries to get
grazie out of there
but after fighting off the other socks
gracie is blown back
by an explosion it's impelled by a
forklift he dies before mike can get any
info out of him
marcus gets a call from a snitch named
carver remy who claims that agmando is
following him
and trying to kill him he asked marcus
for help who then tries to contact mike
but he ignores marcus since he sees him
as a quitter
eventually mike picks up and joined
marcus in going to find remy
but once they get to his hotel remy's
body hits marcotte's car
mike runs into the hotel and fights
akhmanu managing to pull his mask off
but finding himself stunned when he sees
akmanda's face
he manages to get away
mike later joins howard at a game where
the two born as howard expresses his
genuine concern
and care for mike as they are leaving a
bullet strikes howard in the throat
armando and zoello are behind it but
since mike knows he's in plain sight he
pulls howard away and stays behind the
car
giving amanda no clear shot mike tries
to revive howard but he dies
after his funeral marcus officially
decides to join mike in catching the
shooter
mike and marcus go off to fire shady
broker
named picante jenkins for a lead on
their shooter
they entered jenkins motel room where he
is cocked
out of his mind marcus tried to appeal
to him on a personal level but it only
gets him punched hard
amo soon comes in with marcus having
called them
and they chase jenkins to the ground
after getting jenkins fires they
recognize zuelo
and plan to track him next
bad boys bad boys
the team goes to a club where they find
zelu after attempting to arrest him he
runs for it
and the team must fight his goons
mike and marcus hopped on a motorcycle
inside the car with marcus having to
break his promise to guard and use the
machine gun to fight off the incoming
thugs
they ride into the street to pursue
zweilow who then attempts to board a
chopping ladder
mike runs off and latches onto the
ladders as well
agmana shoots raylo off to get a better
shot at mike
he tells him hasta el fuero
before mike lets go and falls into the
water
back at the headquarters mike has done
look up fires based on the phrase of
mundo said
mike realized isabelle is behind all of
this he explains to marcus that before
they teamed up
he was deep undercover in the areta's
cartel and he had a relationship with
isabel
before he had to throw her in jail and
get her husband killed
hasta el fuego was a phrase they came up
with
that was nonsensical but was supposed to
mean together until the flame burns out
mike concludes that agmando is his son
and that she has been grooming him for
revenge
since all the victims were on the same
case against already's family
after realizing he knows the truth
isabel contacts mike and
arranges for him to meet in mexico city
to end things
the team heads to mexico for the final
showdown with isabel ordering mike
to meet them in an ill place they engage
in a firefight against ida belts and
mercenaries with the anime officers
proving their skills with guns as well
as physically in dawn's case
marcus then shoots down a sniper chopper
causing it to come crashing down to the
building and starting a fire
amanda gets to fight mike but he decides
to confront him
as a person and reveal his parentage to
armando
he asks isabel if it is true and she
admits that it is
she tries to shoot mike but our mother
steps in the way and takes the bullet in
the shadow
[ __ ] and shoots isabelle off the ledge
to her doubts
sending her plummeting into the flaming
record
marcus almost falls over too but armando
helps mike pull
him off and get him out of there
[Music]
later on the team is getting along
better and they celebrate as rita has
been promoted to become the new captain
are you not gonna let me live that down
hey guys i got some news for you i just
started therapy and my therapist thought
i'd be super beneficial if maybe we
could all you know hit up a group
session together
it's super simple yeah
mike and marcus and then bond with baby
marcus
singing the bad boys songs to him mike
visits armando in prison
offering him a chance to make up for his
crimes armando appears to be
interested